README.md, before:

# Netflic GPT
- Create react app
- Configured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of APP
- Login Form
- Sign up Form
- Form Validation
- useRef Hook
- Firebase Setup
- Deploying our app to production
- Create sign up user account in firebase
- Implement sign in user Api
- Created our Redux store with userSlice
- Implemented Sign Out
- Update Profile
- Fatch from TMDB movie




# Features
- Login/Sign Up
  - Sign In/Sign up Form
  - redirect to Browse Page
- Browse (after autentication)
  - Header
  - Main Movie
    - Tailer in Background
    - Title & Description
    - MovieSuggestions
        - MovieLists * N
- NetflixGPT
   - Search Bar
   - Movie Suggestions 

<!-- 
   How do you do validation inside a form - formik library
   useRef is used to refernce a field over here, so basically tag over here suppose input tag , a button these gives us reference to it.
   For authetication we need backend , for bacnkend using google firebase
   1-i created a store
   2- i created a slice
   3- i added the slice reducer onto my store
   4-than i providing my store to my app.js
   How do you take the user from another page ?
   ans: navigate which is comimg from useNavigate() hook. useNavigate() hook comint from react router dom.
 -->

Commit message:

if the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to Login Page and Vice-versa and unsubscribe to the onAuthStateChanged callback

README.md, after:

# Netflic GPT
- Create react app
- Configured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of APP
- Login Form
- Sign up Form
- Form Validation
- useRef Hook
- Firebase Setup
- Deploying our app to production
- Create sign up user account in firebase
- Implement sign in user Api
- Created our Redux store with userSlice
- Implemented Sign Out
- Update Profile
- Fatch from TMDB movie
- BugFix: Sign Up user displayName and profile pictre update
- BugFix: if the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to Login Page and Vice-versa
- Unsubcribed to the onAuthStateChanged Callback
- Add hardcoded values to the constants file


# Features
- Login/Sign Up
  - Sign In/Sign up Form
  - redirect to Browse Page
- Browse (after autentication)
  - Header
  - Main Movie
    - Tailer in Background
    - Title & Description
    - MovieSuggestions
        - MovieLists * N
- NetflixGPT
   - Search Bar
   - Movie Suggestions 

<!-- 
   How do you do validation inside a form - formik library
   useRef is used to refernce a field over here, so basically tag over here suppose input tag , a button these gives us reference to it.
   For authetication we need backend , for bacnkend using google firebase
   1-i created a store
   2- i created a slice
   3- i added the slice reducer onto my store
   4-than i providing my store to my app.js
   How do you take the user from another page ?
   ans: navigate which is comimg from useNavigate() hook. useNavigate() hook comint from react router dom.
 -->
